feat(sdk-trace-base): add dropped attributes and events count on span (#3576)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: CHANGELOG.md

### :rocket: (Enhancement)

> - feat(resource): create sync resource with some attributes that resolve asynchronously [#3460](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/3460) @samimusallam

Reviewer: Please don't modify the changelog format

Author: Fixed it. Thanks for reviewing!

* perf(propagator-jaeger): improve deserializeSpanContext performance [#3541](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/3541) @doochik
* feat: support TraceState in SamplingResult [#3530](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/3530) @raphael-theriault-swi
* feat(sdk-trace-base): add diagnostic logging when spans are dropped [#3610](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/3610) @neoeinstein

> * feat(sdk-trace-base): expose dropped counts for attributes, events and links on span [#3576](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/3576)

Reviewer: This applies to more than just trace base. I think it's acceptable for the subject to apply to multiple packages.

```suggestion
* feat(tracing): expose dropped counts for attributes, events and links on span [#3576](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/3576)
```
